---
title: "Video Content"
description: "Guide to integrate video content into your training path."
icon: "lucide:circle-play"
---

To integrate video content into your training path, you need to drag and drop from the video icon in the side toolbar to the editing area.

Recorded video sequences that can include images, sound, and animations. This content can be used to provide demonstrations, presentations, interviews, or explanations on a specific topic.

## Information to Fill In
::stack
    ::field-group{class="p-4"}
        ::field{name="Add a Video"}
        Import the video into the ePoc editor using the "Add a Video" button.
        ::

        ::field{name="Summary"}
        Brief description of the video to help users understand its content.
        ::

        ::field{name="Transcript"}
        If the video contains important speech or dialogue, you can provide a text transcript of the video to help users who do not wish to or are unable to listen to the video with sound.
        ::

        ::field{name="Thumbnail"}
        Thumbnail image for the video to help users identify the video and select it easily.
        ::

        ::field{name="Subtitles"}
        If the video contains important dialogues or speeches, you must provide subtitles to help users who have hearing problems or who are watching the video in a noisy environment where sound may be difficult to hear.
        ::
    ::
::

## Video Encoding

To ensure optimal video playback on most smartphones, we recommend encoding in MP4 format with H.264 codec at 480p resolution. This format is sufficient for smooth and good quality playback on mobile devices.

### Encoding with ffmpeg

To encode one or more videos with [ffmpeg](https://www.ffmpeg.org/), use the following commands:

::alert{to="https://www.ffmpeg.org/download.html" target="_blank" icon="lucide:link"}
Download FFmpeg
::

```sh
# Encoding a video where "video.mp4" is the original video and "video-min.mp4" is the compressed video
ffmpeg -i video.mp4 -s hd480 -c:v libx264 -crf 23 -c:a aac -strict -2 "video-min.mp4"

# Encoding all videos in a folder
for file in $(find . -name "*.mp4" | sort -z); do
    ffmpeg -i "${file}" -s hd480 -c:v libx264 -crf 23 -c:a aac -strict -2 "${file%.*}-min.mp4"
done
```

### Encoding with Handbrake

If you prefer using a graphical software, we recommend [HandBrake](https://handbrake.fr). To do this, follow these steps:

::alert{to="https://handbrake.fr/downloads.php" target="_blank" icon="lucide:link"}
Download HandBrake
::

::steps{level=5}
##### Open HandBrake and load your video file
##### Select the "HQ 480p30" preset
##### Make sure the output format is MP4 and the video codec is H.264.
##### Choose an output location and name for the video
##### Click "Start" to begin encoding.
::

These recommendations ensure maximum compatibility and optimal quality for playback on various devices.
