---
title: Audio Content
description: "Guide to integrate audio content into your training path."
icon: "lucide:volume-2"
---

To integrate audio content into your training path, you need to drag and drop from the audio icon in the side toolbar to the editing area.

Recorded audio sequences that can include music, podcasts, or sound effects. This content can be used to provide commentary, instructions, or explanations on a specific topic, or to allow users to listen to recordings of conferences or seminars, for example.

The information to fill in for the "audio" section is:

::stack
    ::field-group{class="p-4"}
        ::field{name="Add Audio" type="mp3"}
        Import the audio file into the ePoc editor using the "Add Audio" button.
        ::

       ::field{name="Summary" type="text"}
       Brief description of the audio to help users understand its content.
       ::

       ::field{name="Transcript" type="text"}
        If the audio contains important speech or dialogue, you can provide a text transcript of the audio to help users who do not wish to or are unable to listen to the audio.
       ::
    ::
::

### Audio File Encoding

To ensure optimal playback of podcasts and other audio files, we recommend encoding in MP3 format with a bitrate of 128 kbps. This format is sufficient for clear audio quality and maximum compatibility with various devices.

#### FFmpeg Command

To encode a podcast with [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/), use the following command:

```sh
ffmpeg -i input.wav -codec\:a libmp3lame -b\:a 128k output.mp3
```

### Alternative with Audacity

If you prefer using [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/), follow these steps:

::steps{level=5}
##### Open Audacity and load your audio file.
##### Go to "File" > "Export" > "Export as MP3".
##### In the export window, select "128 kbps" as the bitrate.
##### Click "Save" to begin encoding.
::

These recommendations ensure maximum compatibility and optimal audio quality for playback on various devices.
