---
title: "Contributing"
description: "Guide to contribute to ePoc's source code"
icon: "lucide:code"
---

Welcome to the ePoc community, an open-source initiative dedicated to creating a free and open mobile learning solution, as well as developing an editing format suitable for accessible and interactive education on mobile devices. We believe that education should be accessible to everyone, and our project aims to facilitate learning through mobile phones, particularly in regions where access to traditional education is limited.

## Why Contribute?

1. **Make a Difference**: By contributing to ePoc, you participate in a project that aims to democratize access to education and promote mobile learning. Your contribution will have a direct impact on the lives of people who will benefit from these innovative learning tools.

2. **Develop Your Skills**: Working on an open-source project like ePoc will allow you to improve your technical skills and collaborate with other passionate developers, designers, and educators. It's an excellent opportunity to learn and grow as a professional.

3. **Be Part of a Community**: By joining ePoc, you become part of a dynamic and committed community that shares the same values and goals. You'll have the opportunity to meet and exchange with people from around the world and build lasting connections.

## How to Contribute?

There are many ways to contribute to ePoc, depending on your skills and interests. Here are some ideas:

1. **Development of the Mobile Learning Solution**: If you're a developer, you can participate in improving the ePoc solution by proposing new features, fixing bugs, or optimizing the source code.

2. **Content Creation**: If you're an educator or expert in a particular field, you can create educational content adapted to the ePoc format and share it with the community.

3. **Design**: If you're a designer, you can contribute to improving the user interface of the ePoc solution and creating visual resources for courses and learning activities.

4. **Plugin Development**: If you have development skills, you can create plugins to extend the functionality of the ePoc solution and share them with the community.

5. **Translation**: If you're proficient in multiple languages, you can help translate the solution and educational content into different languages to reach a wider audience.

6. **Promotion and Communication**: If you're comfortable with social media and communication, you can help promote the ePoc project and raise awareness about the importance of mobile education.

## Join Us Today!

Don't hesitate any longer and join the ePoc community to contribute to an open-source project that has a real impact on education and mobile learning worldwide. Together, we can make a difference and offer everyone the opportunity to learn and progress, regardless of where they live or their means.

To learn more about the different ways to contribute to ePoc and to join our community, visit our website and check out our contributor guide. We look forward to welcoming you!

## Useful Links

- [Sources](https://github.com/ePoc-app)
- [Tchap](https://www.tchap.gouv.fr/#/room/#epoc:agent.education.tchap.gouv.fr)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/xzSVeuPEtH)
- [Plugin Documentation](plugins.md)
