---
title: "File Format"
description: "Guide to the file formats used in an ePoc"
icon: "lucide:files"
---

## `.epocproject` File

The ePoc file format is a ZIP archive containing assets, data, metadata, and also the ePoc design data in JSON format.

This file format was introduced by the editor.

To extract the contents of a `.epocproject` file, simply use the `unzip` command.

```bash
unzip my_ePoc.epocproject
```

To archive the contents into a `.epocproject`, simply navigate to the folder containing `content.json` and `project.json` and use the `zip` command.

```bash
zip -r -X my_ePoc.epocproject *
```

## Archive Contents

### `content.json` (`.epoc`, `.epocproject` and `.zip`)

Contains the data (chapters, pages, contents, quizzes) and metadata (title, authors, etc.) of the ePoc in JSON format following the specifications of the ePoc format defined in TypeScript.
:read-more{to="data-types" title="Data Format"}

### `project.json` (`.epocproject` only)

This file contains the scenario data, contents (chapters, pages, contents, quizzes) and metadata (title, authors, etc.) of the ePoc in JSON format. It is a serialization of the diagram data (see [`vue-flow`](https://vueflow.dev/)).

### `assets` *(folder)*

Contains all the assets (images, videos, etc.) of the ePoc.

### `plugins` *(folder)*

### Others

Other files or folders present in the archive may be used but are not supported by default by the editor.

## Publication (export) File `.epoc` or `.zip`

The export file format for publication on the mobile application is also a ZIP archive containing the assets, data, and metadata of the ePoc in JSON format.

It is a subset of the `.epoc` file optimized for distribution. All assets and pages not linked to a chapter are removed from the archive.

To extract the contents of a `.epoc` or `.zip` file, simply use the `unzip` command.

```bash
unzip my_ePoc.epoc # or unzip my_ePoc.zip
```

To archive the contents into a `.epoc`, simply navigate to the folder containing `content.json` and use the `zip` command.

```bash
zip -r -X my_ePoc.epoc *
```
